# Company-Network-Implementation-CCNA

The project title “COMPANY NETWORK IMPLEMENT ROUTING PROTOCOLS & LAN SWITCHING” is actually a network based project. The enterprise network is the lifeblood of any Small to Medium Enterprise (SME) with more than one site or supply chain partner. It enables access to business information and allows for profitable and effective communication flows between employees in different enterprise sites. Network enterprise network equipment is mature and ubiquitous, but the quality of services provided by similar networks varies from city to city and from country to country. IT is a secured network often used in big organizations and other institutions to make a secured communication and sharing’s of their documents, files, etc. should also be secured. As we know that there are many departments in an organization. So we desire that these departments should be separate for their good output. Then this project also includes this feature. This type of network avoids the unauthorized access it authenticate the authorized users or hosts. Implementation of logical network topology has been done. All the routers have their password to access them by any user. This network connects the different department of a company or many companies and combines them in a single network. And the implementations of router are very accurate, that they should select the excellent path for the packets and make the communication fast and secure. We have also used Adaptive Bitrate Technology in this project.
